Add User Guide (#15)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

**:information_source: Notes about the command format:**<br>

*  Quotes optional for string arguments (i.e. `add member "egg"` and `add_member egg` are equivalent)
* Double Tab to autocomplete string values
* Arguments are delimited with flags (`add member "egg" --email="asd@a.com"`)
</div>

### Viewing help : `help`

[Coming Soon]

### Adding a new member to the team `add member`

Add a new team member to the user’s team. Will throw an error if the member already exists in the team.

> Format: `add member “MEMBER_NAME”`

Reviewer: For consistency with `delete` command (feel free to resolve if you don't think its necessary)
```suggestion
Format: 
* `add member “MEMBER_NAME”`
```

Examples:
* `add member egg`
* `add member “potato egg”`

### Delete a member from team `delete member`

Delete a team member from the user’s team. Will throw an error if no member with that name is found. Take note that names are case-sensitive.

Format:
* `delete member “MEMBER_NAME”`
* `delete member --index=INDEX`
* `delete member -i INDEX`

Examples:

> * `delete member “potato”`

Reviewer: Might be better to include examples of all 3 kinds of formats here

### Listing all members of the team : `list members`

View all the members currently in the team, in the form of a list.

Format: `list members`

### Add task to team : `add task`

Add a new task to the user’s team.

Format: `add task “TASK_NAME”`

Examples:
*  `add task “bake with butter”`
*  `add task fry`

### Assign task to team member: `assign task`

> Assign an existing task to a team member in the user’s team. Will throw an error if either the team member or the task is not found in the user’s team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign an existing task to a team member in the user’s team. Will display an error message if either the team member or the task is not found in the user’s team.
```

Format: `assign task “TASK_NAME” “TEAM_MEMBER”`

Examples:
* `assign task fry potato` assigns the task "fry" to "potato"
* `assign task “bake with butter” “potato”` assigns the task "bake with butter" to "potato"

### Delete task from team : `delete task`

> Delete an existing task from the team. Will throw an error if the task is not found in the user’s team.

Reviewer: Not sure if users would know what `throw` an error means.
```suggestion
Delete an existing task from the team. Will display an error message if the task is not found in the user’s team.
```
